prices=0 sqfts=0 chars=5508

Where We Build, On Your Lot or a Community | Lee Wetherington Skip to content Home Our Story Model Homes Explore Homes Custom Homes Gallery Listings Where We Build Build Your Vision Blog &amp; News Videos Contact Us Start My Experience Become A Vendor Careers Back to Top Search Search Are You Building In A Community? OR On Your Homesite? OR Creating Award-Winning Homes In Sarasota &amp; Manatee Counties Westlake at Wellen Park Westlake at Wellen Park Wild Blue at Waterside Wild Blue at Waterside Shellstone at Waterside Shellstone at Waterside Westlake at Wellen Park Westlake at Wellen Park Wild Blue at Waterside Wild Blue at Waterside Shellstone at Waterside Shellstone at Waterside Everly at Wellen Park Everly at Wellen Park Everly at Wellen Park Everly at Wellen Park Gracewater at Sarasota Gracewater at Sarasota Sanctuary Cove Sanctuary Cove Gracewater at Sarasota Gracewater at Sarasota Sanctuary Cove Sanctuary Cove The Islands The Islands The Forest at Hi Hat Ranch The Forest at Hi Hat Ranch The Islands The Islands The Forest at Hi Hat Ranch The Forest at Hi Hat Ranch Eclectic Communities Where Your Style Shines Where you wish to reside comes first, and selecting a reputable homebuilder follows. From resort ranch neighborhoods accented by Florida&rsquo;s natural preserves to views of the soft whitecaps lapping across the Gulf of Mexico&rsquo;s clear waters, Lee Wetherington Homes is a trusted and preferred builder of elegant homes in many fine communities across the Suncoast. Each premier neighborhood has its own unique allure. Explore our communities and what awaits by clicking on the stars located across the interactive map below. Communities Map The Islands With 1.5-acre homesites directly on the Manatee River or overlooking picturesque harbors, this private gated sanctuary in Parrish unlocks navigable access to the Gulf of Mexico and is nestled among world-class golf courses. Learn More &gt; Sanctuary Cove At the mouth of the Manatee River, this exhilarating community in Parrish offers an array of waterfront amenities, including backyard boat docks, and is conveniently located near attractions in Sarasota, Bradenton and St. Petersburg. Learn More &gt; Wild Blue at Waterside Located in Lakewood Ranch, Wild Blue encapsulates a modern Florida feel intertwined with natural scenery and superb amenities. Homesites are nestled against pristine lakefront or serene preserves. Learn More &gt; Everly at Wellen Park Everly is the newest neighborhood to be developed in Wellen Park, a premier planned community located near Venice and within a short drive from the Suncoast&rsquo;s renowned, breathtaking beaches. Learn More &gt; Lee Wetherington Homes Founded in 1974, Lee Wetherington Homes is locally owned in Sarasota, Florida. We have a clear mission: to provide you with the best experience in home building and exceed your expectations. Learn More &gt; The Forest at Hi Hat Ranch Located just north of Clark Road, this exclusive community offers breathtaking three- to -five acre homesites nestled amid striking mossy oaks, palmettos and pines. Across 54 wooded estates, the &ldquo;Old Florida&rdquo; feel is ever present. Learn More &gt; Shellstone at Waterside The amenities will include a clubhouse pool, spa and poolside cabanas and a full-time activities director. Maintenance-free community for all mowing and landscape. Maintenance and irrigation&nbsp; is &nbsp;taken care of by the HOA.&nbsp; Learn More &gt; Gracewater at Sarasota The perfect blend of location and lifestyle, Gracewater is just three miles from downtown Sarasota&rsquo;s renowned arts, culture, entertainment and cuisine &ndash; and minutes from award-winning beaches. Learn More &gt; Westlake at Wellen Park Located along Preto Boulevard, Westlake is a new community featuring beautiful natural Florida scenery, premier amenities overlooking expansive lakefront and innovative custom homes &ndash; all within walking distance of Downtown Wellen. Learn More &gt; Building on Your Homesite Experts Location and lifestyle go hand-in-hand. Not only does Lee Wetherington Homes construct fully custom homes in private communities, but anywhere in Sarasota and Manatee counties, including on property you own. Contact our team to learn how we can design and build on land you believe aligns best with your distinct lifestyle. Connect With Us Subscribe to our Newsletter Sign up to read about the latest insights from Lee Wetherington Homes, regarding our team, industry trends, custom home designs and more. It&rsquo;s delivered right to your inbox &ndash; every month. --> --> --> Email Address --> --> First Name --> --> Last Name --> --> --> --> --> --> --> --> --> --> --> --> --> --> Email Address First Name Last Name Subscribe 941.922.3480 Facebook-f Instagram Linkedin Youtube Florida Contractor License #CGC018525&nbsp; Privacy Policy Renderings and photos are for reference only. Actual homes may differ depending on selections made.&nbsp; SiteMap Custom Home Building Articles Build Your Vision Into Reality For more information about our custom homebuilding process or to schedule a tour of our model homes, please contact our team below. We look forward to connecting with you. SEND &copy; 2026 Lee Wetherington Homes, 7590 Fruitville Rd Suite 200, Sarasota, FL 34240 Search Now Open Visit the Solstice III, designed for you to experience our full capabilities in this community. Located in Everly at Wellen Park 11710 Blissby Street Venice, FL 34293 --> -- End of the comment -->