LAKEWOOD RANCH UNVEILS “RANCH ROAD HOME” - Lakewood Ranch Skip to content Back to Home Menu Find a Home Quick Home Search Rental Options Senior Living Builders Incentives Events View All Events Music on Main Farmers’ Market Taste of the Ranch Sights Sounds Vendor Applications Community Map Register for Updates Stay in the know Sign up for updates on new model homes, villages, and the latest news and events at Lakewood Ranch. Select Email Preference LinkedIn This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Interest Send Me Everything New Home Info News and Events Email (Required) More Information Call LWR 800-307-2624 Toggle Search Search for: Search Life Here Community Magazine Shopping Dining Parks Trails Schools Wellbeing Business Clubs Activities Farmers’ Market at LWR LWR Golf and Country Club Premier Sports Campus Sarasota Polo Club Community Events For Residents Villages Compare Villages Village Explorer Builders Town Centers Waterside Place Main Street The Area Regional Map Community Map Arts Culture Sports Beaches Coastal Airports Travel Find a Hotel News Video Overview News Press Awards Accolades Digital Magazines FAQ Contact Book an Overview Contact New Home Center Life Here Community Magazine Shopping Dining Parks Trails Schools Wellbeing Business Clubs Activities Farmers’ Market at LWR LWR Golf and Country Club Premier Sports Campus Sarasota Polo Club Community Events For Residents Villages Compare Villages Village Explorer Builders Town Centers Waterside Place Main Street The Area Regional Map Community Map Arts Culture Sports Beaches Coastal Airports Travel Find a Hotel News Video Overview News Press Awards Accolades Digital Magazines FAQ Contact Book an Overview Contact New Home Center Find a Home Quick Home Search Rental Options Senior Living Builders Incentives Events View All Events Music on Main Farmers’ Market Taste of the Ranch Sights Sounds Vendor Applications Community Map Register for Updates Stay in the know Sign up for updates on new model homes, villages, and the latest news and events at Lakewood Ranch. Select Email Preference Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Interest Send Me Everything New Home Info News and Events Email (Required) Press Releases Friday - November 6, 2020 LAKEWOOD RANCH UNVEILS “RANCH ROAD HOME” FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: November 5, 2020 For more information contact: Lisa M. Barnott 941-757-1542 Lisa.barnott@lakewoodranch.com LAKEWOOD RANCH UNVEILS “RANCH ROAD HOME” Lakewood Ranch’s new Ranch Road Home experience will run from Nov. 6-22, featuring a variety of ways to experience Lakewood Ranch, the No. 1 best-selling multi-generational community in the country. The Ranch Road Home campaign reflects a shift in the way buyers have been exploring and purchasing homes, accelerated by the circumstances of COVID-19. It has been a record-setting year for Lakewood Ranch: sales are up 20% over the same period last year. With two months yet to go, sales for 2020 have already matched last year’s total for the entire year. Many home sales were made sight-unseen, with only builders’ virtual tours and online assistance via the Lakewood Ranch website and from the Lakewood Ranch Information Center community specialists. The Ranch Road Home guide, complete with virtual and in-person touring instructions; and a map, village matrix and event listing, can be picked up at the Lakewood Ranch Information Center, located at 8131 Lakewood Main Street, and viewed or downloaded from lakewoodranch.com. Potential buyers can view than 90 models in 20+ villages, with pricing from $200,000 to more than $1 million, including in five new villages: Esplanade at Azario, Lorraine Lakes, Solera, Windward, and Sapphire Point. The Ranch Road Home guide can also be picked up at the “Gather and Go” drive-thru events, held from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturdays and Sundays, Nov. 7 22. Participants can get a taste of The Ranch delivered to their cars: drive up to the Information Center on Main Street and a member of the team will deliver a Ranch goodie bag full of information about life on The Ranch, special offers from Main Street merchants, and fun Ranch swag. “People are welcome to visit Lakewood Ranch virtually or in person at any time, but Ranch Road Home is our opportunity to share what is new and unique about our community, using a variety of exciting tools,” said Laura Cole, senior vice president for LWR Communities. “We’re especially proud of our new, 3D interactive map. With this, we can improve navigation within Lakewood Ranch and help visitors gain a unique and accurate perspective of the community overall, each village and its surrounding amenities, the vast green space on The Ranch, and the proximity to conveniences and attractions that are nearby, including shopping, the airport, and the beaches. You just don’t get a feel for that otherwise.” A series of events will take place during Ranch Road Home, both in-person and virtual, maximizing everyone’s comfort level. Live events include socially distanced offerings such as Yoga in the Park, the Farmers’ Market at Lakewood Ranch, the Mindful Triathlon with both virtual and in-person components, a guided nature walk, and a bike tour around The Ranch. Virtual offerings, such as Ranch Nites Live, and MindUP live virtual event series, will also be available. For a full listing of events, visit myLWR.com. The information center and models are open daily, Monday-Saturday from 10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. and Sunday from noon until 5 p.m. Chat hours are extended to 9 a.m. to 7 p.m., seven days a week, from Nov. 6-22, via the website. For more information about Ranch Road Home, visit lakewoodranch.com. ### Lakewood Ranch is the 33,000+-acre award-winning master-planned community in Sarasota and Manatee counties on the West Coast of Florida. Just minutes from the Gulf Coast beaches and cultural assets in Sarasota, Lakewood Ranch is already home to more than 41,000 residents and features A-rated schools, the Lakewood Ranch Medical Center, the Sarasota Polo Club, the 75-acre Premier Sports Campus, its own Main Street with theaters, shopping and dining, and more than four million square feet of commercial property. For more information visit www.lakewoodranch.com . Register for Updates Sign up for updates on new model homes, villages, and the latest news and events at Lakewood Ranch. Select Email Preferences Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Interest Send Me Everything New Home Info News and Events Email (Required) Other Links About the Developer Careers Compare Villages FAQ Media Press Inquiries Our Realtors Resident Website Downloads Community Magazine Community Map LWR Activities Guide Parks Trails Guide Rental Options Stewardship District New Home Center on Main Street 8131 Lakewood Main Street Lakewood Ranch, FL 34202 Download the MyLWR App ©2026 Lakewood Ranch. All Rights Reserved.