Here’s Some Homework to Help Handle the New Demands of Remote Learning - Wellen Park NEIGHBORHOODS Back Search all Neighborhoods Grand Palm This beautiful, nature-focused community is exactly what resort living should be like, featuring a state-of-the-art fitness facility, resort-style pool with water slides, and so much more. Boca Royale A gated 1,000-acre community with a full line-up of fun and fitness amenities, including an 18-hole par 72 golf course. Wellen Park Golf & Country Club A golf and country club community offering a mix of condominiums, coach homes, and single-family residences, not to mention resort-style amenities and an 18-hole golf course and clubhouse, all right in your own backyard. Avelina Last opportunities! This gated, maintenance-assisted neighborhood offers homeowners the very best of Florida living. Solstice Sold out! Situated within walking distance of Downtown Wellen and CoolToday Park with variety of home designs and exciting onsite amenities. Sunstone Enjoy thoughtfully designed, open floor plans and family-friendly amenities in this lively community! Brightmore Brightmore is Wellen Park’s first 55+ lifestyle community. Discover new possibilities andfun-filled, resort-style amenities that emphasize social connections, well-being, and fun experiences every day. Everly Live happily Everly after! Everly offers a mix of custom estate homes and semi-customizable luxury homes for distinctive homeowners. Lakespur A family-friendly neighborhood with a variety of home designs, as well as outdoor recreation, and the convenience of a future walkable school campus. Palmera Sail into something better! Luxury single-family homes, townhomes, and condos now selling. Oakbend Find your slice of paradise at Oakbend in Wellen Park–an exclusive, gated community in Venice, FL with spacious one- and two-story home designs featuring luxurious personalization options. Ashcombe Now open in the heart of Wellen Park, Florida, Ashcombe brings a fresh take on modern townhome living. Sunstone Lakeside A gated enclave of spacious single-family homes thoughtfully arranged to offer a mix of lake, preserve, and charming internal neighborhood views, creating a connected and welcoming streetscape. Esplanade Elevated resort-style living with signature amenities, wellness programs, and concierge services to invigorate the mind, body, and spirit. Madera Low-maintenance townhomes surrounded by natural beauty, offering modern floorplans and convenient access to the Wellen Park lifestyle. Selling Summer 2026. MORE Search all Neighborhoods Loading... Find a Home Neighborhoods NEW HOMES Move-in Ready QUICK MOVE-INS 55 Better Homebuilders Rentals Neighborhoods Wellen Life Downtown wellen Business Directory Schools Healthcare Private Events Parks Trails Gallery Local attractions Around Wellen Arts Culture Beaches Golf Explore More Maps News News Updates Blog COMMUNITY MAGAZINE Events Contact Commercial Builder Sales Centers FAQ Find a Home Neighborhoods Local Attractions Wellen Life News Events Contact Commercial Builder Sales Centers FAQ Downtown wellen About FAQ Commercial More Maps Community Magazine Weather Cam Sign In +1 (941) 960-7805 Sign in --> Search for: Here’s Some Homework to Help Handle the New Demands of Remote Learning May 06, 2020 There was a time was when “remote learning” looked something like “Little House on the Prairie,” with children saddling up or hopping aboard the horse-drawn buggy to travel to an equally remote schoolhouse. Remote learning, of course, has taken on a whole new meaning. Boasting a tranquil setting, yet still close to everyday conveniences, West Villages cherishes the award-winning community’s close-knit atmosphere, with resort-style, family-friendly amenities and stunning homes in nine distinctive neighborhoods. In a word, togetherness, where you’re not alone—and you are definitely not alone in a crisis of global proportion. It’s estimated that more than 55 million American schoolchildren now have to do their schoolwork from home. West Villages’ children can’t attend their A-rated Taylor Ranch Elementary School and Venice Middle and Venice High schools nearby. With all that in mind, West Villages offers some tips for how to handle remote learning, saving you hours on Google trying to learn how to become a homeschooling pro—likely the very last thing you need to do while juggling your own work-from-home demands. Lesson plans: Like everything else in life, planning is good. Make a schedule for the day and design lessons for the hours—or minutes—you’ve set aside for “classes.” Establish time limits (think: attention spans, yours and theirs). Take turns with parental duties. Resistance: Kids’ resistance to remote learning is now very much a thing. One expert suggests making a “Let It Go” board. If your child refuses a particular task, have them write it on a sticky note and attach it to the board, then return to the lesson at a better time. Be playful: Now’s not the time to forget about everyday “teachable moments.” Try channeling your own challenges into a curriculum: “We’re decluttering the pantry and, look!, we have some garbanzo beans! Can you teach me what a garbanzo bean is?” or “Let’s sit out on the lanai, where we can watch butterflies and you can tell me what kind they are.” Designate space: Perhaps the lanai is a good learning space, as well. Just as you need your own WFH office, and a number of West Villages homes boast dens or private studies, your children need to feel they have a workspace, too. Suggestions include a kitchen counter, a cushy pet bed, a “fort” or an actual desk as distraction-free kids-work worlds. Recruit: A physician friend and her husband with two young daughters brought her sister to live with them. Just so happens that the sister once worked as a teacher. Now the family has a live-in au pair and a qualified educator, who schedules prescribed lessons. Reach out to loved ones—and, better yet, if possible, pros—who can pitch in at home. Likewise, experts encourage you to continue reaching out to your children’s regular teachers. To learn—yes, educate yourself!—about West Villages and Life Your Way, call the Home Buyers Information Line at 941-960-7805 and we’ll schedule a remote lesson about the extraordinary lifestyle opportunities here. Back to Blog Jump to News Updates Blog Events Get the Wellen Word Complete the form below to stay in the loop about all that’s going on at Wellen Park. First Name Last Name Email Address Country of Residence Country of Residence* Phone # By providing my email, I agree to receive commercial electronic marketing communications from Wellen Park and any of Wellen Park’s business partners, affiliates, or agents. This consent may be withdrawn at any time by following the unsubscribe mechanism set out in the electronic message. Please refer to our Privacy Policy or contact us for more details. SUBMIT Recent Stories June 22, 2026 How to Spend Summer In and Around Wellen Park Read More June 01, 2026 Wellen Park's National Trails Day Photo Contest Read More May 21, 2026 What Living in a Master-Planned Community is Really Like Read More Get the Wellen Word Complete the form below to stay in the loop about all that’s going on at Wellen Park. First Name Last Name Email Address Country of Residence Country of Residence* Phone # By providing my email, I agree to receive commercial electronic marketing communications from Wellen Park and any of Wellen Park’s business partners, affiliates, or agents. This consent may be withdrawn at any time by following the unsubscribe mechanism set out in the electronic message. Please refer to our Privacy Policy or contact us for more details. SUBMIT Blog News Updates Blog Events NEIGHBORHOODS Neighborhoods Welcome Center Parks Trails Amenities Download Map --> Find Your Way GET DIRECTIONS Back to Top WELCOME CENTER 12275 Mercado Drive Venice, FL 34293 +1 (941) 960-7805 Find a Home Neighborhoods Local attractions Wellen Life News Events Cont