Unleash Your Creativity: Turn Your West Villages Home Into an Arts Studio - Wellen Park NEIGHBORHOODS Back Search all Neighborhoods Grand Palm This beautiful, nature-focused community is exactly what resort living should be like, featuring a state-of-the-art fitness facility, resort-style pool with water slides, and so much more. Boca Royale A gated 1,000-acre community with a full line-up of fun and fitness amenities, including an 18-hole par 72 golf course. Wellen Park Golf & Country Club A golf and country club community offering a mix of condominiums, coach homes, and single-family residences, not to mention resort-style amenities and an 18-hole golf course and clubhouse, all right in your own backyard. Avelina Last opportunities! This gated, maintenance-assisted neighborhood offers homeowners the very best of Florida living. Solstice Sold out! Situated within walking distance of Downtown Wellen and CoolToday Park with variety of home designs and exciting onsite amenities. Sunstone Enjoy thoughtfully designed, open floor plans and family-friendly amenities in this lively community! Brightmore Brightmore is Wellen Park’s first 55+ lifestyle community. Discover new possibilities andfun-filled, resort-style amenities that emphasize social connections, well-being, and fun experiences every day. Everly Live happily Everly after! Everly offers a mix of custom estate homes and semi-customizable luxury homes for distinctive homeowners. Lakespur A family-friendly neighborhood with a variety of home designs, as well as outdoor recreation, and the convenience of a future walkable school campus. Palmera Sail into something better! Luxury single-family homes, townhomes, and condos now selling. Oakbend Find your slice of paradise at Oakbend in Wellen Park–an exclusive, gated community in Venice, FL with spacious one- and two-story home designs featuring luxurious personalization options. Ashcombe Now open in the heart of Wellen Park, Florida, Ashcombe brings a fresh take on modern townhome living. Sunstone Lakeside A gated enclave of spacious single-family homes thoughtfully arranged to offer a mix of lake, preserve, and charming internal neighborhood views, creating a connected and welcoming streetscape. Esplanade Elevated resort-style living with signature amenities, wellness programs, and concierge services to invigorate the mind, body, and spirit. Madera Low-maintenance townhomes surrounded by natural beauty, offering modern floorplans and convenient access to the Wellen Park lifestyle. Selling Summer 2026. MORE Search all Neighborhoods Loading... Find a Home Neighborhoods NEW HOMES Move-in Ready QUICK MOVE-INS 55 Better Homebuilders Rentals Neighborhoods Wellen Life Downtown wellen Business Directory Schools Healthcare Private Events Parks Trails Gallery Local attractions Around Wellen Arts Culture Beaches Golf Explore More Maps News News Updates Blog COMMUNITY MAGAZINE Events Contact Commercial Builder Sales Centers FAQ Find a Home Neighborhoods Local Attractions Wellen Life News Events Contact Commercial Builder Sales Centers FAQ Downtown wellen About FAQ Commercial More Maps Community Magazine Weather Cam Sign In +1 (941) 960-7805 Sign in --> Search for: Unleash Your Creativity: Turn Your West Villages Home Into an Arts Studio May 29, 2020 Home is where the heart is, and wouldn’t you know, the last three letters of the word happen to be “art,” and wouldn’t you know, West Villages and your elegant new home in the multi-award-winning community began with a creative spark. Throughout West Villages, each and every new home sprang from the creative mind of an architect; for centuries, many have also been fine artists: think Michelangelo and da Vinci. With so much time available to spend inside your imagination, now presents the ideal opportunity to pursue creativity inside your home; after all, West Villages’ nine visually stunning neighborhoods are tucked amid Florida’s inspiring beauty. Visual arts. Think crayons, people! We started early with Crayola’s 120-odd colors, as well as finger-painting and paint-by-numbers. Now expand into watercolors, acrylics, colored pencils or multimedia (consider recycling “found objects” into pieces of art). Don’t forget photography—see the world through your artistic lens; all you need is a smartphone. Likewise, good old-fashioned “ arts crafts ” includes the word “arts.” Here’s a massive Pinterest chockful of inspirations for your masterpiece—or a piece to add to the fridge. Writing. One of the world’s most storied pursuits, writing shouldn’t be limited to typing up a dry (boring!) corporate memo. Too many of us say, “Oh, I can’t write.” Baloney! Humans are born storytellers—you “write” your own story every day in your West Villages home. Keep a journal, start that memoir or novel. You’ll soon find that “literary” writing comes as naturally as a stroll along one of West Villages’ miles of trails; in fact, “writing” often happens away from your desk. Join a writing group or take a class; they’re everywhere. Music. Plato put it best : “Music gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination and life to everything.” Dust off the guitar in the garage (see: decluttering) or become your very own hair band with Guitar Hero . Turn your iPad into a piano . Speaking of the garage, yes, drums are actually an instrument, but before you start banging away, ask permission. Sing and get the family to join in: Check out this family’s hysterical parody of a “Les Misérables” tune . Woodworking , sculpture. These require tools and no small technical skills. If you’re handy—and safe—with a sharp object, try whittling . Just sweep up your lanai afterward. Dance. Turn your open-concept space into a stage for an at-home episode of “Dancing with the Stars.” Cut the rug with your partner during a quiet evening after you’ve put the kids to bed (here’s a hype-romantic “first dance” Spotify playlist ). Dance like nobody’s watching . To turn Life Your Way into a work of art at West Villages, call the Home Buyers Information Line at 941-960-7805. Back to Blog Jump to News Updates Blog Events Get the Wellen Word Complete the form below to stay in the loop about all that’s going on at Wellen Park. First Name Last Name Email Address Country of Residence Country of Residence* Phone # By providing my email, I agree to receive commercial electronic marketing communications from Wellen Park and any of Wellen Park’s business partners, affiliates, or agents. This consent may be withdrawn at any time by following the unsubscribe mechanism set out in the electronic message. Please refer to our Privacy Policy or contact us for more details. SUBMIT Recent Stories June 22, 2026 How to Spend Summer In and Around Wellen Park Read More June 01, 2026 Wellen Park's National Trails Day Photo Contest Read More May 21, 2026 What Living in a Master-Planned Community is Really Like Read More Get the Wellen Word Complete the form below to stay in the loop about all that’s going on at Wellen Park. First Name Last Name Email Address Country of Residence Country of Residence* Phone # By providing my email, I agree to receive commercial electronic marketing communications from Wellen Park and any of Wellen Park’s business partners, affiliates, or agents. This consent may be withdrawn at any time by following the unsubscribe mechanism set out in the electronic message. Please refer to our Privacy Policy or contact us for more details. SUBMIT Blog News Updates Blog Events NEIGHBORHOODS Neighborhoods Welcome Center Parks Trails Amenities Download Map --> Find Your Way GET DIRECTIONS Back to Top WELCOME CENTER 12275 Mercado Drive Venice, FL 34293 +1 (941) 960-7805 Find a Home Neighborhoods Local attractions Wellen Life News Events Contact Downtown wellen About FAQ Community Magazine Back to Top Accessibility Cookie settings Legal Disclaimers Privacy Policy Terms Conditions Copyright Wellen Park, LLLP 2026. All Rights Reserved. West Villages is now part of We