Wellen Park Neighborhoods | Homes for Sale in Venice, FL NEIGHBORHOODS Back Search all Neighborhoods Grand Palm This beautiful, nature-focused community is exactly what resort living should be like, featuring a state-of-the-art fitness facility, resort-style pool with water slides, and so much more. Boca Royale A gated 1,000-acre community with a full line-up of fun and fitness amenities, including an 18-hole par 72 golf course. Wellen Park Golf & Country Club A golf and country club community offering a mix of condominiums, coach homes, and single-family residences, not to mention resort-style amenities and an 18-hole golf course and clubhouse, all right in your own backyard. Avelina Last opportunities! This gated, maintenance-assisted neighborhood offers homeowners the very best of Florida living. Solstice Sold out! Situated within walking distance of Downtown Wellen and CoolToday Park with variety of home designs and exciting onsite amenities. Sunstone Enjoy thoughtfully designed, open floor plans and family-friendly amenities in this lively community! Brightmore Brightmore is Wellen Park’s first 55+ lifestyle community. Discover new possibilities andfun-filled, resort-style amenities that emphasize social connections, well-being, and fun experiences every day. Everly Live happily Everly after! Everly offers a mix of custom estate homes and semi-customizable luxury homes for distinctive homeowners. Lakespur A family-friendly neighborhood with a variety of home designs, as well as outdoor recreation, and the convenience of a future walkable school campus. Palmera Sail into something better! Luxury single-family homes, townhomes, and condos now selling. Oakbend Find your slice of paradise at Oakbend in Wellen Park–an exclusive, gated community in Venice, FL with spacious one- and two-story home designs featuring luxurious personalization options. Ashcombe Now open in the heart of Wellen Park, Florida, Ashcombe brings a fresh take on modern townhome living. Sunstone Lakeside A gated enclave of spacious single-family homes thoughtfully arranged to offer a mix of lake, preserve, and charming internal neighborhood views, creating a connected and welcoming streetscape. Esplanade Elevated resort-style living with signature amenities, wellness programs, and concierge services to invigorate the mind, body, and spirit. Madera Low-maintenance townhomes surrounded by natural beauty, offering modern floorplans and convenient access to the Wellen Park lifestyle. Selling Summer 2026. MORE Search all Neighborhoods Loading... Find a Home Neighborhoods NEW HOMES Move-in Ready QUICK MOVE-INS 55 Better Homebuilders Rentals Neighborhoods Wellen Life Downtown wellen Business Directory Schools Healthcare Private Events Parks Trails Gallery Local attractions Around Wellen Arts Culture Beaches Golf Explore More Maps News News Updates Blog COMMUNITY MAGAZINE Events Contact Commercial Builder Sales Centers FAQ Find a Home Neighborhoods Local Attractions Wellen Life News Events Contact Commercial Builder Sales Centers FAQ Downtown wellen About FAQ Commercial More Maps Community Magazine Weather Cam Sign In +1 (941) 960-7805 Sign in --> Search for: Live Well In Your Perfect Neighborhood WHERE DREAMS TAKE ROOT AND THRIVE From first steps to grand adventures, our neighborhoods are designed to meet you at every stage of life. Browse our communities and uncover beautiful homes and abundant amenities perfectly suited for you. COMPARE NEIGHBORHOODS BROWSE COMMUNITY BROCHURE Boca Royale Villas: Mid $300s Single-Family: Mid $300s Builder: Neal Communities A gated 1,000-acre community with a full line-up of fun and fitness amenities, including an 18-hole par 72 golf course. Avelina Single-Family: High $600s Builder: Neal Communities Last opportunities! This gated, maintenance-assisted neighborhood offers homeowners the very best of Florida living. Sunstone Lakeside Single Family: Low $500's Builder: Mattamy Homes A gated enclave of spacious single-family homes thoughtfully arranged to offer a mix of lake, preserve, and charming internal neighborhood views, creating a connected and welcoming streetscape. Madera Builders: SimplyDwell Homes Low-maintenance townhomes surrounded by natural beauty, offering modern floorplans and convenient access to the Wellen Park lifestyle. Selling Summer 2026. Palmera Single-family: Low $400s Condos: Low $400s Townhomes: High $300s Builders: David Weekley Homes Homes by Towne® ICI Homes M/I Homes Mattamy Homes Neal Communities Sail into something better! Luxury single-family homes, townhomes, and condos now selling. Grand Palm Villas: Low $400s Single-family: Mid $800s Builder: Neal Communities This beautiful, nature-focused community is exactly what resort living should be like, featuring a state-of-the-art fitness facility, resort-style pool with water slides, and so much more. Brightmore 55+ Villas: High $300s 55+ Single-Family: Low $400s Builder: Mattamy Homes Brightmore is Wellen Park’s first 55+ lifestyle community. Discover new possibilities andfun-filled, resort-style amenities that emphasize social connections, well-being, and fun experiences every day. Lakespur Single-Family: High $300s Condos: High $200s Builders: Mattamy Homes Pulte Homes A family-friendly neighborhood with a variety of home designs, as well as outdoor recreation, and the convenience of a future walkable school campus. Oakbend Single-Family: High $400s Builders: ICI Homes Toll Brothers Find your slice of paradise at Oakbend in Wellen Park–an exclusive, gated community in Venice, FL with spacious one- and two-story home designs featuring luxurious personalization options. Ashcombe Townhomes: High $200's Builder: D.R. Horton Now open in the heart of Wellen Park, Florida, Ashcombe brings a fresh take on modern townhome living. Sunstone Villas: Mid $300s Single-Family: High $300s Builder: Mattamy Homes Enjoy thoughtfully designed, open floor plans and family-friendly amenities in this lively community! Everly Single-Family: High $600s Custom Homes: $1.1 million Builders: John Cannon Homes Lee Wetherington Neal Signature Homes Homes by WestBay Live happily Everly after! Everly offers a mix of custom estate homes and semi-customizable luxury homes for distinctive homeowners. Wellen Park Golf & Country Club Single-Family: High $400s Multi-Family: Mid $200s Builder: Lennar A golf and country club community offering a mix of condominiums, coach homes, and single-family residences, not to mention resort-style amenities and an 18-hole golf course and clubhouse, all right in your own backyard. Esplanade Villas: Mid $300s Single-Family: High $300s Builder: Taylor Morrison Elevated resort-style living with signature amenities, wellness programs, and concierge services to invigorate the mind, body, and spirit. INTERACTIVE INTERACTIVE MASTERPLAN DOWNTOWN TRAILS + PATHWAYS filters Filters Find a neighborhood Regional map 15 new neighborhoods filter --> SELECT A PRICE RANGE 0 0 Select a home type Single Family Multifamily Select a home type John Cannon Homes Pulte Homes Mattamy Homes ICI Homes Neal Communities Homes by Towne Lennar M/I Homes Homes by WestBay David Weekley Homes D.R. Horton Toll Brothers Lee Wetherington Homes Taylor Morrison Reset Apply Filters Grand Palm This beautiful, nature-focused community is exactly what resort living should be like, featuring a state-of-the-art fitness facility, resort-style pool with water slides, and so much more. Boca Royale A gated 1,000-acre community with a full line-up of fun and fitness amenities, including an 18-hole par 72 golf course. Wellen Park Golf & Country Club A golf and country club community offering a mix of condominiums, coach homes, and single-family residences, not to mention resort-style amenities and an 18-hole golf course and clubhouse, all right in your own backyard. Avelina Last opportunities! This gated, maintenance-assisted neighborhood offers homeowners the very best of Florida living. Solstice Sold out! Situated within 