Snack Time! No Time Like the Present to Try Homemade, Fresh and Healthy Snacks - Wellen Park NEIGHBORHOODS Back Search all Neighborhoods Grand Palm This beautiful, nature-focused community is exactly what resort living should be like, featuring a state-of-the-art fitness facility, resort-style pool with water slides, and so much more. Boca Royale A gated 1,000-acre community with a full line-up of fun and fitness amenities, including an 18-hole par 72 golf course. Wellen Park Golf & Country Club A golf and country club community offering a mix of condominiums, coach homes, and single-family residences, not to mention resort-style amenities and an 18-hole golf course and clubhouse, all right in your own backyard. Avelina Last opportunities! This gated, maintenance-assisted neighborhood offers homeowners the very best of Florida living. Solstice Sold out! Situated within walking distance of Downtown Wellen and CoolToday Park with variety of home designs and exciting onsite amenities. Sunstone Enjoy thoughtfully designed, open floor plans and family-friendly amenities in this lively community! Brightmore Brightmore is Wellen Park’s first 55+ lifestyle community. Discover new possibilities andfun-filled, resort-style amenities that emphasize social connections, well-being, and fun experiences every day. Everly Live happily Everly after! Everly offers a mix of custom estate homes and semi-customizable luxury homes for distinctive homeowners. Lakespur A family-friendly neighborhood with a variety of home designs, as well as outdoor recreation, and the convenience of a future walkable school campus. Palmera Sail into something better! Luxury single-family homes, townhomes, and condos now selling. Oakbend Find your slice of paradise at Oakbend in Wellen Park–an exclusive, gated community in Venice, FL with spacious one- and two-story home designs featuring luxurious personalization options. Ashcombe Now open in the heart of Wellen Park, Florida, Ashcombe brings a fresh take on modern townhome living. Sunstone Lakeside A gated enclave of spacious single-family homes thoughtfully arranged to offer a mix of lake, preserve, and charming internal neighborhood views, creating a connected and welcoming streetscape. Esplanade Elevated resort-style living with signature amenities, wellness programs, and concierge services to invigorate the mind, body, and spirit. Madera Low-maintenance townhomes surrounded by natural beauty, offering modern floorplans and convenient access to the Wellen Park lifestyle. Selling Summer 2026. MORE Search all Neighborhoods Loading... Find a Home Neighborhoods NEW HOMES Move-in Ready QUICK MOVE-INS 55 Better Homebuilders Rentals Neighborhoods Wellen Life Downtown wellen Business Directory Schools Healthcare Private Events Parks Trails Gallery Local attractions Around Wellen Arts Culture Beaches Golf Explore More Maps News News Updates Blog COMMUNITY MAGAZINE Events Contact Commercial Builder Sales Centers FAQ Find a Home Neighborhoods Local Attractions Wellen Life News Events Contact Commercial Builder Sales Centers FAQ Downtown wellen About FAQ Commercial More Maps Community Magazine Weather Cam Sign In +1 (941) 960-7805 Sign in --> Search for: Snack Time! No Time Like the Present to Try Homemade, Fresh and Healthy Snacks April 21, 2020 Snacks, nibbles, kibbles, tidbits, morsels. Call them what you will, but more than anything else, snacks are a consistently delightful and always portable comfort food. During normal times, snacks serve as on-the-go treats between meals. When times aren’t normal, and with healthy living moving higher to the top of everyone’s menu, snacks take on an even more important role—especially when you’re stuck at home. Fortunately, West Villages provides the perfect setting for staying put—and trying these: Snacks should be simple, with ingredients readily available. The Marketplace at West Villages , virtually around the corner from the multi-award-winning community’s nine stunning and distinctive neighborhoods, boasts a Publix offering curbside pickup. Detwiler’s Farm Market , in nearby Venice , is among many fully stocked fresh-fruit-and-veggie (and everything else you need) family run market. Here are a few ideas to snack your way to stay-at-home comfort: Pantry: Start with what you have. Aside from decluttering, clearing out the kitchen cupboard helps make making simple snacks even simpler. The go-to item is the mighty garbanzo bean ; you’re bound to have a can or two. Here’s a recipe for roasted chickpeas, or you can puree garbanzos for hummus or make falafels with dried ground chickpeas. Citrus: Florida’s most famous crop includes oranges, Key limes and grapefruit. Try the super-easy candied grapefruit peel : a few minutes to prepare, plus a two- to four-hour drying time—easy enough to do in the Sunshine State. Add some ground ginger for a snap. Homemade: From seafood to locally grown goodness, ingredients are close by, thanks to West Villages’ ideal location. Then turn snack-making into family fun— crafts kids will eat . Gather the kids to stir up some homemade trail mix : raisins, dried cranberries or other dried fruits, nuts, seeds, coconut slivers and even chocolate chips. Kale chips. Cooked or raw, the vegetable (a word children translate to “eww”) may be an acquired taste, but baked, crispy kale chips are nutrition-packed crunchies. Salsa: In addition to citrus, sun-ripe tomatoes are a major Florida crop. Considerably less expensive than store-bought, fresh salsa is fun and easy to make. Also, adjust the spicy-heat level with Florida’s wide variety of peppers, also sun-loving plants. Sure, gator bites are a favorite and ubiquitous Florida snack, but peel-and-eat shrimp are healthier and easier to prepare. Here’s a Gulf Coast-inspired recipe . Living Life Your Way, just the way life should be at West Villages, can be a challenge at the moment, but West Villages is standing by, monitoring life as we know it. To learn more about West Villages , call the Home Buyers Information Line at 941-960-780 Back to Blog Jump to News Updates Blog Events Get the Wellen Word Complete the form below to stay in the loop about all that’s going on at Wellen Park. First Name Last Name Email Address Country of Residence Country of Residence* Phone # By providing my email, I agree to receive commercial electronic marketing communications from Wellen Park and any of Wellen Park’s business partners, affiliates, or agents. This consent may be withdrawn at any time by following the unsubscribe mechanism set out in the electronic message. Please refer to our Privacy Policy or contact us for more details. SUBMIT Recent Stories June 22, 2026 How to Spend Summer In and Around Wellen Park Read More June 01, 2026 Wellen Park's National Trails Day Photo Contest Read More May 21, 2026 What Living in a Master-Planned Community is Really Like Read More Get the Wellen Word Complete the form below to stay in the loop about all that’s going on at Wellen Park. First Name Last Name Email Address Country of Residence Country of Residence* Phone # By providing my email, I agree to receive commercial electronic marketing communications from Wellen Park and any of Wellen Park’s business partners, affiliates, or agents. This consent may be withdrawn at any time by following the unsubscribe mechanism set out in the electronic message. Please refer to our Privacy Policy or contact us for more details. SUBMIT Blog News Updates Blog Events NEIGHBORHOODS Neighborhoods Welcome Center Parks Trails Amenities Download Map --> Find Your Way GET DIRECTIONS Back to Top WELCOME CENTER 12275 Mercado Drive Venice, FL 34293 +1 (941) 960-7805 Find a Home Neighborhoods Local attractions Wellen Life News Events Contact Downtown wellen About FAQ Community Magazine Back to Top Accessibility Cookie settings Legal Disclaimers Privacy Policy Terms Conditions Copyright Wellen Park, LLLP 2026. All Rights Reserved. West Villages is now part of Wellen Park West Villages is 