Wellen Park | New Homes in Venice, FL NEIGHBORHOODS Back Search all Neighborhoods Grand Palm This beautiful, nature-focused community is exactly what resort living should be like, featuring a state-of-the-art fitness facility, resort-style pool with water slides, and so much more. Boca Royale A gated 1,000-acre community with a full line-up of fun and fitness amenities, including an 18-hole par 72 golf course. Wellen Park Golf & Country Club A golf and country club community offering a mix of condominiums, coach homes, and single-family residences, not to mention resort-style amenities and an 18-hole golf course and clubhouse, all right in your own backyard. Avelina Last opportunities! This gated, maintenance-assisted neighborhood offers homeowners the very best of Florida living. Solstice Sold out! Situated within walking distance of Downtown Wellen and CoolToday Park with variety of home designs and exciting onsite amenities. Sunstone Enjoy thoughtfully designed, open floor plans and family-friendly amenities in this lively community! Brightmore Brightmore is Wellen Park’s first 55+ lifestyle community. Discover new possibilities andfun-filled, resort-style amenities that emphasize social connections, well-being, and fun experiences every day. Everly Live happily Everly after! Everly offers a mix of custom estate homes and semi-customizable luxury homes for distinctive homeowners. Lakespur A family-friendly neighborhood with a variety of home designs, as well as outdoor recreation, and the convenience of a future walkable school campus. Palmera Sail into something better! Luxury single-family homes, townhomes, and condos now selling. Oakbend Find your slice of paradise at Oakbend in Wellen Park–an exclusive, gated community in Venice, FL with spacious one- and two-story home designs featuring luxurious personalization options. Ashcombe Now open in the heart of Wellen Park, Florida, Ashcombe brings a fresh take on modern townhome living. Sunstone Lakeside A gated enclave of spacious single-family homes thoughtfully arranged to offer a mix of lake, preserve, and charming internal neighborhood views, creating a connected and welcoming streetscape. Esplanade Elevated resort-style living with signature amenities, wellness programs, and concierge services to invigorate the mind, body, and spirit. Madera Low-maintenance townhomes surrounded by natural beauty, offering modern floorplans and convenient access to the Wellen Park lifestyle. Selling Summer 2026. MORE Search all Neighborhoods Loading... Find a Home Neighborhoods NEW HOMES Move-in Ready QUICK MOVE-INS 55 Better Homebuilders Rentals Neighborhoods Wellen Life Downtown wellen Business Directory Schools Healthcare Private Events Parks Trails Gallery Local attractions Around Wellen Arts Culture Beaches Golf Explore More Maps News News Updates Blog COMMUNITY MAGAZINE Events Contact Commercial Builder Sales Centers FAQ Find a Home Neighborhoods Local Attractions Wellen Life News Events Contact Commercial Builder Sales Centers FAQ Downtown wellen About FAQ Commercial More Maps Community Magazine Weather Cam Sign In +1 (941) 960-7805 Sign in --> Search for: +1 (941) 960-7805 Visit A Place to flourish welcome home live well at wellen park Discover your best chapter yet at Wellen Park, one of the most vibrant communities in Venice, FL. Here, new homes in Venice, Florida are surrounded by beautiful neighborhoods designed for connection, wellness, and everyday living. If you re searching for homes or exploring the best neighborhoods in Venice, Wellen Park is a place where community truly flourishes. Neighborhoods cultivate your story Nurtured by nature just minutes away from Southwest Florida’s famous white sand beaches, Wellen Park brings together a diverse mix of neighborhoods and new homes in Venice, FL. Our vibrant community pairs dining, entertainment, shopping, and outdoor recreation to offer more than a destination. It’s an adventure. Visit welcome center Our Welcome Center is a friendly starting place to find your new home in Venice, FL. Here, you can learn about Wellen Park’s diverse neighborhoods, homes in Venice, community amenities, regional destinations, and so much more! Learn More shop & dine Downtown wellen A must-visit hotspot, Downtown Wellen is the social hub of the community. This welcoming, walkable destination is at the heart of one of the premier communities in Venice, FL and home to great eateries, stylish shops, exciting entertainment, and stunning sunsets. Learn More Weather Cam rooted community genuine connections Discover More nearby beaches At Wellen Park, you are 15 minutes away from dipping your toes into the sand of Florida’s most beautiful beaches. Learn More parks & trails With a network of parks and trails at Wellen Park, there are endless ways to enjoy the wonder of Venice on Florida’s West Coast. Learn More community events From acting classes to Zumba and everything in between, you can fill your days in so many ways at Wellen Park, one of the most welcoming communities in Venice, FL Explore Events top-rated schools Wellen Park has top-rated schools, universities, and programs tailored for students at every level and stage of life, ensuring educational excellence right at your doorstep. Learn More EMAIL SIGN-UP register for updates Don’t miss out on the latest happenings at Wellen Park! Sign up to be the first to know about exciting events, new developments, and new homes in Venice. ZIP Code Country of Residence Country of Residence* *Required By providing my email, I agree to receive commercial electronic marketing communications from Wellen Park and any of Wellen Park’s business partners, affiliates, or agents. This consent may be withdrawn at any time by following the unsubscribe mechanism set out in the electronic message. Please refer to our Privacy Policy or contact us for more details. I am a Wellen Park Resident SUBMIT You’re in! You’ve just made a terrific decision. Please make sure to check your inbox and confirm the subscription. Getting social INTERACTIVE INTERACTIVE MASTERPLAN DOWNTOWN TRAILS + PATHWAYS filters Filters Find a neighborhood Regional map 15 new neighborhoods filter --> SELECT A PRICE RANGE 0 0 Select a home type Single Family Multifamily Select a home type Taylor Morrison Homes by Towne Toll Brothers Lennar Neal Communities D.R. Horton Mattamy Homes ICI Homes M/I Homes Homes by WestBay Lee Wetherington Homes John Cannon Homes David Weekley Homes Pulte Homes Reset Apply Filters Grand Palm This beautiful, nature-focused community is exactly what resort living should be like, featuring a state-of-the-art fitness facility, resort-style pool with water slides, and so much more. Boca Royale A gated 1,000-acre community with a full line-up of fun and fitness amenities, including an 18-hole par 72 golf course. Wellen Park Golf & Country Club A golf and country club community offering a mix of condominiums, coach homes, and single-family residences, not to mention resort-style amenities and an 18-hole golf course and clubhouse, all right in your own backyard. Avelina Last opportunities! This gated, maintenance-assisted neighborhood offers homeowners the very best of Florida living. Solstice Sold out! Situated within walking distance of Downtown Wellen and CoolToday Park with variety of home designs and exciting onsite amenities. Sunstone Enjoy thoughtfully designed, open floor plans and family-friendly amenities in this lively community! Brightmore Brightmore is Wellen Park’s first 55+ lifestyle community. Discover new possibilities andfun-filled, resort-style amenities that emphasize social connections, well-being, and fun experiences every day. Everly Live happily Everly after! Everly offers a mix of custom estate homes and semi-customizable luxury homes for distinctive homeowners. Lakespur A family-friendly neighborhood with a variety of home designs, as well as outdoor recreation, and the convenience of a future walkable school campus. Palmera Sail