How to Work From Your West Villages Home … While You’re at Home With the Kids - Wellen Park NEIGHBORHOODS Back Search all Neighborhoods Grand Palm This beautiful, nature-focused community is exactly what resort living should be like, featuring a state-of-the-art fitness facility, resort-style pool with water slides, and so much more. Boca Royale A gated 1,000-acre community with a full line-up of fun and fitness amenities, including an 18-hole par 72 golf course. Wellen Park Golf & Country Club A golf and country club community offering a mix of condominiums, coach homes, and single-family residences, not to mention resort-style amenities and an 18-hole golf course and clubhouse, all right in your own backyard. Avelina Last opportunities! This gated, maintenance-assisted neighborhood offers homeowners the very best of Florida living. Solstice Sold out! Situated within walking distance of Downtown Wellen and CoolToday Park with variety of home designs and exciting onsite amenities. Sunstone Enjoy thoughtfully designed, open floor plans and family-friendly amenities in this lively community! Brightmore Brightmore is Wellen Park’s first 55+ lifestyle community. Discover new possibilities andfun-filled, resort-style amenities that emphasize social connections, well-being, and fun experiences every day. Everly Live happily Everly after! Everly offers a mix of custom estate homes and semi-customizable luxury homes for distinctive homeowners. Lakespur A family-friendly neighborhood with a variety of home designs, as well as outdoor recreation, and the convenience of a future walkable school campus. Palmera Sail into something better! Luxury single-family homes, townhomes, and condos now selling. Oakbend Find your slice of paradise at Oakbend in Wellen Park–an exclusive, gated community in Venice, FL with spacious one- and two-story home designs featuring luxurious personalization options. Ashcombe Now open in the heart of Wellen Park, Florida, Ashcombe brings a fresh take on modern townhome living. Sunstone Lakeside A gated enclave of spacious single-family homes thoughtfully arranged to offer a mix of lake, preserve, and charming internal neighborhood views, creating a connected and welcoming streetscape. Esplanade Elevated resort-style living with signature amenities, wellness programs, and concierge services to invigorate the mind, body, and spirit. Madera Low-maintenance townhomes surrounded by natural beauty, offering modern floorplans and convenient access to the Wellen Park lifestyle. Selling Summer 2026. MORE Search all Neighborhoods Loading... Find a Home Neighborhoods NEW HOMES Move-in Ready QUICK MOVE-INS 55 Better Homebuilders Rentals Neighborhoods Wellen Life Downtown wellen Business Directory Schools Healthcare Private Events Parks Trails Gallery Local attractions Around Wellen Arts Culture Beaches Golf Explore More Maps News News Updates Blog COMMUNITY MAGAZINE Events Contact Commercial Builder Sales Centers FAQ Find a Home Neighborhoods Local Attractions Wellen Life News Events Contact Commercial Builder Sales Centers FAQ Downtown wellen About FAQ Commercial More Maps Community Magazine Weather Cam Sign In +1 (941) 960-7805 Sign in --> Search for: How to Work From Your West Villages Home … While You’re at Home With the Kids April 01, 2020 Many of us dream of working from home. The freedom! The fridge stocked with snacks we actually want! Wearing jammies all day and working out any ol’ time! The children …! Uh-oh. Yes, in these extraordinary times when working from home is all but a must, the reality that you and the kids must now share what is “workspace” can be a bit challenging. Check out this video of the mom who is interrupted while she’s on a major cable-TV news channel. Adorable, right? Sure, you might not be reporting national news, but perhaps you were at home on a conference call when your 2-year-old screamed for help from the potty. Normally, the award-winning West Villages and the community’s nine stunning and distinctive neighborhoods have enough resort-style amenities to keep the kids engaged for a lifetime. Here, then, are some tips to help you work and play well together in your new West Villages home: Communicate: Yes, you are the center of their attention, but explain to them that Mom and Dad now must set some boundaries. Many West Villages homes feature private studies or flex rooms, which already are or can be used as an office: “This is where we go to work.” Plan: Create lists of fun things for the kiddos to do that require little to no supervision . (If these don’t work, work with them to see what activities will work for them.) Try these: Infants—show videos they’ll enjoy, music they’ll like. Learning activities. Toys. Naps! Toddlers through elementary—online games, especially educational ones, PBS children’s shows. ’Tweens and up—encourage them to make music, art and stories. Turn them onto bands and movies that shaped your growing-up; they’ll learn more about you. As with the younger set, tune them into more educational programs, games and apps. Graveyard shift: Writers with day jobs already know this: they have to work when no one else is around. Even famous authors, such as Charles Dickens and Danielle Steele , worked through the creative-rich nighttime with all that the peace and quiet. Virtual help: Enlist friends, family and neighbors to participate in interactive activities online. The Zoom video conferencing app is huge. While they’re playing together online, however, just remember not to scream about your bathroom emergencies. Gratitude: Don’t forget to thank everyone for giving you the time and space you need for the work you need to do. These and even more tips are available here and here . To learn more about Life Your Way and taking even greater advantage of your home as your office, visit West Villages’ Model Home Centers, listed here . Or call the Home Buyers Information Line at 941-960-7805. Back to Blog Jump to News Updates Blog Events Get the Wellen Word Complete the form below to stay in the loop about all that’s going on at Wellen Park. First Name Last Name Email Address Country of Residence Country of Residence* Phone # By providing my email, I agree to receive commercial electronic marketing communications from Wellen Park and any of Wellen Park’s business partners, affiliates, or agents. This consent may be withdrawn at any time by following the unsubscribe mechanism set out in the electronic message. Please refer to our Privacy Policy or contact us for more details. SUBMIT Recent Stories June 22, 2026 How to Spend Summer In and Around Wellen Park Read More June 01, 2026 Wellen Park's National Trails Day Photo Contest Read More May 21, 2026 What Living in a Master-Planned Community is Really Like Read More Get the Wellen Word Complete the form below to stay in the loop about all that’s going on at Wellen Park. First Name Last Name Email Address Country of Residence Country of Residence* Phone # By providing my email, I agree to receive commercial electronic marketing communications from Wellen Park and any of Wellen Park’s business partners, affiliates, or agents. This consent may be withdrawn at any time by following the unsubscribe mechanism set out in the electronic message. Please refer to our Privacy Policy or contact us for more details. SUBMIT Blog News Updates Blog Events NEIGHBORHOODS Neighborhoods Welcome Center Parks Trails Amenities Download Map --> Find Your Way GET DIRECTIONS Back to Top WELCOME CENTER 12275 Mercado Drive Venice, FL 34293 +1 (941) 960-7805 Find a Home Neighborhoods Local attractions Wellen Life News Events Contact Downtown wellen About FAQ Community Magazine Back to Top Accessibility Cookie settings Legal Disclaimers Privacy Policy Terms Conditions Copyright Wellen Park, LLLP 2026. All Rights Reserved. West Villages is now part of Wellen Park West Villages is now more amazing than ever. We’re proud to announce a new name and a new chapter for our vibrant community